now the angel who talked with me
now the angel who talked with me came back and wakened me as a man was
came back and wakened me as a man was
came back and wakened me as a man was wakened out of his sleep what do you see
wakened out of his sleep what do you see
wakened out of his sleep what do you see I'm looking and there is a lampstand of
I'm looking and there is a lampstand of
I'm looking and there is a lampstand of solid gold with a bowl on top of it and
solid gold with a bowl on top of it and
solid gold with a bowl on top of it and on the stand seven lamps with seven
on the stand seven lamps with seven
on the stand seven lamps with seven pipes to the seven lamps two olive trees
pipes to the seven lamps two olive trees
pipes to the seven lamps two olive trees are by it one at the right of a bowl and
are by it one at the right of a bowl and
are by it one at the right of a bowl and the other at its left so I answered and
the other at its left so I answered and
the other at its left so I answered and spoke to the angel who talked with me
spoke to the angel who talked with me
spoke to the angel who talked with me saying what are these my lord do you not
saying what are these my lord do you not
saying what are these my lord do you not know what these are no my lord this is
know what these are no my lord this is
know what these are no my lord this is the word of the Lord to Zerubbabel not
the word of the Lord to Zerubbabel not
the word of the Lord to Zerubbabel not by might nor by power but by my spirit
by might nor by power but by my spirit
by might nor by power but by my spirit says the Lord of hosts who are you o
says the Lord of hosts who are you o
says the Lord of hosts who are you o great mountain before is a rubble you
great mountain before is a rubble you
great mountain before is a rubble you shall become a plane and he shall bring
shall become a plane and he shall bring
shall become a plane and he shall bring forth the capstone with shouts of grace
forth the capstone with shouts of grace
forth the capstone with shouts of grace grace to it moreover the word of the
grace to it moreover the word of the
grace to it moreover the word of the Lord came to me the hands of Zerubbabel
Lord came to me the hands of Zerubbabel
Lord came to me the hands of Zerubbabel have laid the foundation of this temple
have laid the foundation of this temple
have laid the foundation of this temple his hands shall also finish it
his hands shall also finish it
his hands shall also finish it then you will know that the Lord of
then you will know that the Lord of
then you will know that the Lord of Hosts has sent me to you for who has
Hosts has sent me to you for who has
Hosts has sent me to you for who has despised the day of small things for
despised the day of small things for
despised the day of small things for these seven rejoiced to see the plumb
these seven rejoiced to see the plumb
these seven rejoiced to see the plumb line in the hand of the rubble they are
line in the hand of the rubble they are
line in the hand of the rubble they are the eyes of the law which scan to and
the eyes of the law which scan to and
the eyes of the law which scan to and from throughout the whole
what are these two olive trees at the
what are these two olive trees at the right of the lampstand and at its left
right of the lampstand and at its left
right of the lampstand and at its left and I further answered and said to him
and I further answered and said to him
and I further answered and said to him what are these two olive branches that
what are these two olive branches that
what are these two olive branches that drip into the receptacles of the two
drip into the receptacles of the two
drip into the receptacles of the two gold pipes from which the golden oil
gold pipes from which the golden oil
gold pipes from which the golden oil drains do you not know what these are no
drains do you not know what these are no
drains do you not know what these are no my lord these are the two anointed ones
my lord these are the two anointed ones
my lord these are the two anointed ones who stand beside the Lord of the whole
who stand beside the Lord of the whole
who stand beside the Lord of the whole earth